# 2020-01-09

Happy Birthday Kitty!!!

Now that the SGD file is being opened and we are getting further along, the next issue arose when initializing the agent.  This might be another whitespace issue...and oddly enough I found ANOTHER function that does the right trim of a string but uses the `isspace` method.  

So, one of the style issues that am going to slowly address is the use of `extern` as if I have learned anything, global state tends to be a pain.

The first one I encountered was `AGENT_FUNCTION_FILE_NAME` in the `initialize_agent_function_table` method.  

## Options to address the global variable `AGENT_FUNCTION_FILE_NAME`
1. I considered the easy fix of just passing in the file name, but now the function still needs to deal with the file not existing, being locked, etc.

1. I could read the whole file into a buffer, but now I am introducing a constraint on the file size.  Though as I type this I think that this might be less of an issue.  If I was somehow targetting an embedded processor where memory was more of an issue, this might be a concern.  

1. Finally, I could split the difference and just pass in the a valid `FILE*`, thus letting the calling method deal with the error checking on the file, but leaving the existing code untouched.

Option 2 is nice but requires changing more code.  Option 3 gets the point across but will make automated testing harder.  The decision is pending further code analysis.

...

Ok, after thought, going to go with passing in the FILE* right now as I'm not sure if I want to rewrite that function...right now.

I'll create an issue to do it later.

---

ok, noe i'm getting rid of all the external global file names.

i created a struct with fixed-width arrays to hold file paths...no need for malloc here.

made `assign_fptrs` almost work, but converting from `char*[]` to `char[][MAX_FILENAME_LENGTH]` was painful.  Which lead to the fact that the function was "doing too much".

so i added a new file called `addFileToExperiment` which adds a single file to an experiment struct.
